Components
System

	The system component is the main component. The system will handle management of different university 
	components and use the database to generate data as per the request of the user.

System Manager

	The system Manager Component will contain all the current users in the system. The server will use 
	the component to access users which can then get into the system to do other tasks.
	
	Scheduler
		
		The Scheduler is a subcomponent of the system. It will generate schedules based on data in the 
		university and relay that generated schedule back to the server for the client.

	University
		The university component contains all the information and functions pertaining to management
		of data for the system. All course data, major data, department data will be stored in here.
		This component will interact with the scheduler component to generate schedules, and interact 
		with the database for permanent data storage.

Client
	
	The client program is the user interface from an external computer to enter the system. It 
	will use the custom protocol to access the server and request commands from the system.

Server
	The server is the receiving end for client communication. It will use a custom protocol
	to handle and receive client requests and deliver data back to the client for processing.

Persistence layer
	This will be the way in which data will be inserted and removed in the database. Java 
	will use the JDBC to connect to the main database

Course DB
	This is the database in which system information will be stored. This will include course info,
	major info, department info, and other information that the system will need to maintain permanently.

Interfaces

Custom Protocol
	This is the protocol used for client-server communication. The client will use this protocol
	to send and receive data from the server, which can then in turn, pass the sytem on to the 
	system via a user.

File Parser

	The file parser will parse uploaded files from various files for information that can be 
	for processing in the system. For each type of user, the file parser will process different files.


JPA

	The java specific method for which the system will interact with the persistence layer for retrieving 
	database data.

JDBC
	
	The java specific backend for communicating with a database.

